---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "siteinfo-v1alpha1_banner_list Data Source - siteinfo-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# siteinfo-v1alpha1_banner_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `labelselector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) BannerSpec allows the configuration of login and MOTD (Message of the Day) banners on selected nodes. The banners can be applied to specific nodes or selected using label selectors. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) BannerStatus defines the observed state of Banner (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `login_banner` (String) This is the login banner displayed before a user has logged into the Node.
- `motd` (String) This is the MOTD banner displayed after a user has logged into the Node.
- `node_selector` (List of String) Labe selector to select nodes on which to configure the banners.
- `nodes` (List of String) List of nodes on which to configure the banners.


<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `nodes` (List of String) List of nodes this banner has been applied to
